Update documentation with status code behaviour (#9825)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/guides/observability/tracing/otel.md

   	{"kind": "exporter", "data_type": "traces", "name": "logging"}
    ```

    Note that the `Status code` is set to `Unset`. This is the recommended setting in accordance with the OpenTelemetry [semantic conventions](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/http/http-spans/), which state:

    > Span Status MUST be left unset if HTTP status code was in the 1xx, 2xx or 3xx ranges, unless there was another error (e.g., network error receiving the response body; or 3xx codes with max redirects exceeded), in which case status MUST be set to Error.
    > ... For HTTP status codes in the 5xx range, as well as any other code the client failed to interpret, span status MUST be set to Error.

>     To observe this, update the `status` returned by the `directResponseAction` to `500`. Subsequent requests sent to this endpoint will receive a `Status code: Error` instead of `Unset`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To observe this behavior, update the `status` that is returned by the `directResponseAction` to `500`. Subsequent requests that are sent to this endpoint receive a `Status code: Error` instead of `Status code: Unset`.
```
